README.md, before:

# A Python packaging example

This repository can be downloaded and used as the basic structure for OKFN python projects. It provides the basic requirements for creating a py2/3 universal package.

Use in conjunction with [Python Packaging User Guide][]'s [Tutorial on Packaging and Distributing Projects][].

Pay careful attention to the contents of `setup.py` to ensure your project is configured correctly, and remove sections not relevant to your project.

[Python Packaging User Guide]: https://packaging.python.org
[Tutorial on Packaging and Distributing Projects]: https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/distributing.html

Remove this section in your own project.

---

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/okfn/python-packaging-example.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/okfn/python-packaging-example) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/okfn/python-packaging-example/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/okfn/python-packaging-example?branch=master)

# python-packaging-example

## Installation

## Usage

Commit message:

Compatibility module for py2/py3.
A minimal compatibility module to help maintain a py2/py3 project.
Specific projects should add further compatibility code here.

README.md, after:

# A Python packaging example

This repository can be downloaded and used as the basic structure for OKFN python projects. It provides the basic requirements for creating a py2/3 universal package.

Use in conjunction with [Python Packaging User Guide][]'s [Tutorial on Packaging and Distributing Projects][].

Pay careful attention to the contents of `setup.py` to ensure your project is configured correctly, and remove sections not relevant to your project.

A minimal `compat.py` module is included to help projects maintain py2/py3 compatibility. Add further compatibility code to it within your specific project.

[Python Packaging User Guide]: https://packaging.python.org
[Tutorial on Packaging and Distributing Projects]: https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/distributing.html

Remove this section in your own project.

---

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/okfn/python-packaging-example.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/okfn/python-packaging-example) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/okfn/python-packaging-example/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/okfn/python-packaging-example?branch=master)

# python-packaging-example

## Installation

## Usage
